Yusei, thinking: WELL,
THIS LOOKS LIKE THE PLACE.
I HOPE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
DOING, YUSEI.
AFTER ALL...
FROM THE LOOKS OF THINGS HERE,
IT DOESN'T SEEM VERY HOSPITABLE.
BUT THEN, MAYBE THAT'S
WHY THIS BARB PERSON
WROTE ME THAT LETTER.
I ONLY WISH THEY WERE
MORE SPECIFIC AS TO WHY
THEY NEEDED MY HELP.
Man: STOP!
STOP RIGHT THERE,
YOU DISOBEDIENT WORMS!
BIG MISTAKE TRYING
TO ESCAPE.
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
WAIT. NO, PLEASE!
[STRUGGLING]
Yusei: WHAT'S GOING ON
DOWN THERE?
HUH?
MIND YOUR BUSINESS.
THESE WORKERS
MADE A RUN FOR IT,
AND NOW WE'RE GONNA
MAKE 'EM PAY!
AND JUST WHO ARE YOU
TO MAKE 'EM?
YOU ASK AN AWFUL LOT OF
QUESTIONS, STRANGER...
FROM THE LOOKS OF IT,
I'D SAY YOU WERE A DUELIST.
SO WHY NOT JUST STICK
TO WHAT YOU KNOW.
IF YOU'RE ANY GOOD, YA MIGHT
ACTUALLY MAKE A FEW BUCKS HERE.
IF YOU'RE NOT, THEN YOU'LL
BE JOININ' THESE THREE!
HA HA!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE...
BUT IF I'M GOING TO GET
TO THE BOTTOM OF IT,
I'M GONNA NEED
TO HEAD INTO TOWN...
AND MAKE SURE EVERYONE
KNOWS I'M THERE.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Yusei, thinking: I CAN'T GET
THAT LETTER OUT OF MY HEAD.
WHAT DID IT MEAN?
WHO WAS THIS MYSTERIOUS BARB
TALKING ABOUT?
DEAR YUSEI, I'M WRITING YOU
BECAUSE I'VE HEARD ABOUT YOUR
FRIENDSHIP WITH HIM.
I WANT YOU TO TAKE HIM AWAY
FROM CRASH TOWN.
IF THINGS DON'T CHANGE, THEN
HE'LL SURELY MEET HIS DOOM HERE.
I'M COUNTING ON YOU
AND ONLY YOU.
BARB.
WELL, I WONDER WHERE THIS BARB
PERSON IS.
[AMUSED LAUGHING]
Man: HEY PUNK! YOU AIN'T
FROM AROUND HERE, IS YA?
NAH, HE AIN'T, SO HE
NEEDS A PROPER WELCOME!
THAT'S RIGHT.
PREPARE TO DUEL!
NO THANKS.
I GENERALLY MAKE IT
A RULE TO NOT DUEL
AMATEURS.
SAY WHAT!
WE GOTTA WISE GUY HERE!
THIS IS OUR TOWN, MACK...
AND NOBODY BUT NOBODY TALKS
TO US THAT WAY, YOU GOT IT?
IS THAT SO?
SURE IS! SO SHUFFLE UP
YOUR CARDS
AND GET READY
TO THROWDOWN!
HARDCORE!
CUZ A DUEL HERE AIN'T
LIKE ANY KIND 'A DUEL
YOU'VE EVER HAD BEFORE!
Woman: STOP!
THERE WILL BE A TIME TO DUEL...
BUT THAT TIME IS NOT NOW,
SO LAY OFF!
BESIDES, YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO
WELCOME A GUEST WITH FLOWERS,
NOT THREATS.
AND HE IS A GUEST...
BECAUSE HE WAS INVITED BY ME.
I WAS?
YES, I'M BARB--
I'M THE ONE WHO WROTE YOU.
HUH?
SO YOU'RE BARB--
THE ONE WHO WROTE ME THE LETTER
ABOUT SAVING MY OLD FRIEND?
YES.
AH.
HE NEEDS YOU.
AND I'M ONLY TRYING
TO HELP.
WHO IS HE?
AND JUST WHAT DOES
HE NEED SAVING FROM?
YOU'LL SEE FROM WHAT
IN JUST A MOMENT, YUSEI.
FOR AS THE SUN SETS,
THE DANGERS IN THIS TOWN
BEGIN TO RISE.
WATCH. IT WON'T
BE LONG NOW.
HUH?
THE GROUP WEARING
THE RED SCARVES
IS KNOWN AS
THE MALCOLM CREW.
THAT FELLOW WITH THE
CREEPY GRIN OUT IN FRONT
IS THEIR LEADER...
MALCOLM.
THE GROUP FACING THEM
IS THE RADLEY BUNCH.
THAT RASCALLY
LOOKING MAN
AT THE HEAD OF THE PACK
IS RADLEY--
THEIR LEADER.
LOOKS LIKE THEY'RE
SQUARING OFF, BUT WHY?
YOU'LL SEE WHY
SOON ENOUGH.
JUST KEEP WATCHING.
WELL, LET'S GET TO IT,
GENTLEMEN.
TIME TO SHOW
THOSE RADLEY BUNCH BABIES
WHY WE WERE HEAD AND SHOULDERS
ABOVE 'EM.
ALRIGHT, WHICH OF YOU PUNKS
DO I GET THE PLEASURE OF
DETROYIN' IN A DUEL?
THE RUMORS ABOUT YOU ARE TRUE,
GIANT,
YOU'RE AS BIG AS A DINO...
AND I'M SURE THAT YOU HAVE
AN ITTY-BITTY PEA-SIZED BRAIN
TO MATCH, AS WELL.
[AMUSED SNICKERING]
GRR.
AND NOW TO MEET YOUR FOE.
HUH.
[HARMONICA PLAYING]
AH!
AH! IS THAT KALIN?!
THE LAW OF THE LAND IS
THAT DUELS CAN ONLY BE
WAGED DURING DUSK.
IT'S ODDLY APPROPRIATE,
TOO.
BECAUSE THOSE THAT LOSE
VANISH JUST AS
THE SUN DOES.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN VANISH?
ARE YOU SAYING THAT KALIN'S
IN SOME KIND OF DANGER?
MOST DEFINITELY.
THAT'S WHY I WROTE YOU.
BUT FOR NOW ALL WE CAN DO
IS WATCH.
BECAUSE THE DUEL'S
ABOUT TO START!
AH!
WOW.
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
All: DRAW!
HUH.
TOO SLOW, GIANT.
MY MOVE.
GRR...
HERE WE GO..
LET'S GET DOWN
TO BUSINESS.
FOR MY FIRST MOVE
I SUMMON INFERNITY MIRAGE.
THEN I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN.
AND END MY TURN.
WHAT IS KALIN
DOING HERE?
WHY IS HE DUELING
FOR THESE PEOPLE?
Barbara:
I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
HUH?
HE CAME TO THIS TOWN
TO PUNISH HIMSELF
FOR SOMETHING
HE DID IN THE PAST.
I'M NOT SURE WHAT,
BUT IT MUST'VE BEEN BAD.
BUT WHY HERE?
BECAUSE OF THE MOUNTAIN.
HUH?
YOU SEE, DEEP INSIDE
THAT TREACHEROUS PEAK
IS A MINERAL
CALLED DYNE.
DYNE IS USED
IN THE CONSTRUCTION
OF DUEL RUNNERS.
WHEN IT WAS DISCOVERED,
ALL SORTS OF PEOPLE
RUSHED HERE
TO MINE THIS
VALUABLE MINERAL
AND MAKE THEIR FORTUNE.
WHEN ALL THE DUST
SETTLED,
ONLY MALCOLM AND RADLEY
WERE THE ONES
LEFT STANDING.
THEY MUSCLED ALL
THE OTHER MINERS
INTO WORKING FOR THEM
BUT STILL, THEY WANTED
MORE MANPOWER.
SO NOW...
INSTEAD OF FIGHTING
FOR NEW LABOR,
THEY DUEL TO DECIDE
WHO GETS IT.
THAT'S CRAZY.
THAT'S BUSINESS
AS USUAL AROUND HERE.
IF YOU DUEL WELL,
YOU CAN MAKE
A LOT OF MONEY.
AFTER ALL, RADLEY AND
MALCOLM PAY HANDSOMELY
FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN WIN.
AND A LOT OF WINNERS
HAVE COME HERE FOR
JUST THAT REASON.
BUT IF YOU LOSE,
IT'S OFF TO THE
MOUNTAIN FOR YOU.
HMM.
KALIN KNOWS THAT.
IT'S WHY HE'S HERE.
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I'M SUMMONING
ILLEGAL KEEPER!
[THINKING]
WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
CARD OF DESTRUCTION.
IF I PLAY THIS, WE'LL BOTH
HAVE TO DISCARD OUR HANDS
AND REDRAW THE SAME
NUMBER OF CARDS
WE JUST GOT RID OFF.
BUT SINCE ILLEGAL
KEEPER'S ON THE FIELD,
WHENEVER KALIN DRAWS
CARDS AT A TIME OTHER
THAN THE DRAW PHASE,
THOSE CARDS GOTTA BE
RETURNED TO THE DECK,
AND 1,000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE IS DEALT.
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
CARD OF DESTRUCTION!
AND IT'LL LEAD TO
YOUR DESTRUCTION!
NOW GET RID 'A
YOUR CARDS AND REDRAW!
I DON'T THINK SO!
I PLAY THE TRAP...FULL SALVO!
NOW I SEND ALL THE CARDS
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND YOU TAKE 200 POINTS
OF DAMAGE FOR EACH
AND EVERY ONE OF THEM.
GUESS THIS ROUND'S DESTRUCTION
BELONGS TO YOU.
OH, AND IN CASE
YOU WERE WONDERING--
YOUR SPELL DOESN'T AFFECT ME.
AFTER ALL, I'M CARDLESS.
HUH. CARDLESS.
THAT'S WHEN KALIN'S AT HIS BEST!
NOW, GIANT, SINCE
I'M WITHOUT CARDS,
I'M ALLOWED TO RELEASE
INFERNITY MIRAGE
AND IN EXCHANGE,
SUMMON TWO INFERNITY MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
SO...
RISE INFERNITY ARCHFIEND
AND INFERNITY DESTROYER.
WHOA...I GUESS I WON'T
BE WAGING AN ATTACK
THIS ROUND.
I END MY TURN.
IT'S MY MOVE...
AND I'LL PLAY...
THE SPELL INFERNITY BURST.
NOW FOR EVERY INFERNITY
MONSTER ON MY FIELD,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
ARGH!
AND NEXT...
I'LL HAVE INFERNITY DESTROYER
ATTACK ILLEGAL KEEPER!
ARGH!
AND SINCE MY DESTROYER
WON THAT BATTLE
WHILE I HAD NO CARDS
IN MY HAND...
YOU NOW TAKE 1,600
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
NO FAIR.
I BARELY HAD ONE TURN!
[HORSES NEIGH]
AH!
NO! STOP! DON'T! PLEASE!
HEH HEH.
[HORSES NEIGH]
[CHEERING]
WELL, THAT'S THAT.
THE GIANT WILL NOW
BE SHIPPED OFF TO
THE MOUNTAIN,
AND THAT'S WHERE
HE'LL STAY FOR THE
REST OF HIS LIFE.
MINING DYNE MORNING,
NOON, AND NIGHT.
ALL UNDER THE WATCHFUL
EYE OF RADLEY'S MEN.
AH. SO THAT'S WHAT THOSE 3
WERE TRYING TO ESCAPE FROM--
THE MINES.
THEY MUST'VE BEEN DUELISTS
WHO'D LOST.
BUT IF KALIN IS TRYING
TO PUNISH HIMSELF,
WHY WOULDN'T HE JUST LOSE
ON PURPOSE?
I DON'T KNOW.
REACT) THERE ARE A LOT
OF QUESTIONS RIGHT NOW
THAT I SIMPLY HAVE
NO ANSWERS FOR.
HOPEFULLY
WE CAN FIND SOME.
AND SOON.
I AGREE.
WELL DONE, KALIN.
THAT GIANT COULDN'T DUEL
WORTH A LICK,
BUT I'M SURE HE'LL BE
A SOLID WORKER.
HOW MANY WINS IS THAT?
SOMETHING LIKE 50
IN A ROW?
CURSE YOU, RADLEY,
YOU RAT!
I'LL BEAT YOU AND THAT
LUCKY DUELIST A' YOURS
NEXT TIME FOR SURE!
YEAH, I'VE HEARD THAT
BEFORE. HA HA!
GRR...
LET'S ROLL.
KALIN!
IT'S ME!
HUH?
IT'S YUSEI.
LET'S TALK!
NO! KALIN, WAIT!
I'M HERE TO HELP!
LET HIM GO.
I KNOW A BETTER
WAY TO HELP.
I JUST HOPE YOU'RE
UP FOR IT.
CURSES! THAT RAT RADLEY ALWAYS
WINS WITH THAT DUELIST OF HIS!
AND THE MORE THAT HE WINS...
THE MORE HE EARNS!
IF ONLY MY BABY BROTHER
LAWTON
WAS HANGING HIS HAT
IN TOWN RIGHT NOW,
HE'D TAKE THAT CREEP,
KALIN--RARH!
AND DUEL HIM DOWN INTO THE DIRT!
Yusei: HEY!
HUH?
WHO ARE YOU?
HEY IT'S THAT GUY!
FROM BACK IN TOWN!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND I'M HERE FOR SOME WORK.
A DUELIST, HUH?
WELL, BRING IT ON!
HA HA!
NOT A BAD IDEA.
IF YOU WANT US TO HIRE YOU,
YOU'LL HAVE TO PROVE YA GOT
SKILLS WORTH PAYIN' FOR!
AND PROVE IT IN A DUEL.
IT'D BE MY PLEASURE.
LET'S DO THIS.
[CHUCKLING]
GET YOUR GAME ON!
IF YA DON'T MIND,
I'LL MOVE FIRST.
OK THEN, NOW GET READY!
I SUMMON THE TUNER
MONSTER CHANGER SYNCHRON
IN DEFENSE MODE.
I'LL THEN END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
I GUESS I'M UP!
AND FUSE RAY BLASTER'S
THE MONSTER I'LL BE PLAYIN'!
LUCKY FOR YOU
SINCE IT'S THREE ON ONE,
I'M NOT ALLOWED TO ATTACK.
NOT OFFICIALLY.
MY TURN NOW!
AND I'M SUMMONIN' OUT
ANOTHER FUSE RAY BLASTER!
BLAST AWAY!
AH!
AW, I'M AWFULLY SORRY
THERE, STRANGER.
DIDN'T YA KNOW THAT WHEN
THERE'S ONE RAY BLASTER OUT
AND A SECOND IS SUMMONED,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE?
HUH.
THAT'S IT FOR ME!
THEN IT'S MY MOVE! HEH!
AND I SUMMON ANOTHER
FUSE RAY BLASTER!
BLAST AWAY!
UH!
HEH HEH.
I END MY TURN.
SO...
ARE YOU READY
TO GIVE UP?
YA CAN'T WIN!
HUH?
I WILL WIN!
YOU HAVE TO BEAT
MALCOLM'S STOOGES.
ONLY THEN WILL MALCOLM
TRUST YOU ENOUGH
TO LET YOU DUEL FOR HIS CREW.
THEN, IF YOU CAN BEAT KALIN,
WE'LL MAKE OUR MOVE.
BEFORE THEY DRAG HIM
OFF TO WORK FOREVER
IN THOSE MOUNTAINS,
WE'LL TAKE HIM.
IT'S MY MOVE,
AND FIRST I'LL SEND
ONE MONSTER CARD
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVE
WHICH ALLOWS ME TO
SUMMON THE TUNER MONSTER
QUICKDRAW FROM MY HAND!
AND NOW SINCE A TUNER
MONSTER IS ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET--
NEXT I'LL TUNE
LEVEL 5 QUICKDRAW
SYNCHRON
WITH LEVEL 2
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
TO CREATE A CREATURE
THAN CAN REALLY
GIVE ME A BOOST!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
NITRO WARRIOR!
AND NEXT...I'LL BRING
OUT GAUNTLET WARRIOR!
BUT HE WON'T BE AROUND
FOR LONG
BECAUSE I'M NOW
GOING TO TUNE
LEVEL 1 CHANGER
SYNCHRON WITH HIM
TO CREATE ANOTHER
SYNCHRO MONSTER!
HOW ABOUT GIVING ME
A HAND. ARMORY ARM!
Duel Runner Computer:
ONCE PER TURN,
YOU CAN EQUIP ARMORY ARM
ON TO A SYNCHRO MONSTER
AND INCREASE THE EQUIPPED
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
BY 1,000.
AND NOW
SINCE CHANGER SYNCHRON
WAS SENT TO THE GRAVE...
HIS EFFECT ACTIVATES
AND YOUR MONSTER
SWITCHES TO
DEFENSE MODE!
HUH?
NEXT I'LL USE ARMORY
ARM'S ABILITY...
AND WITH IT I CAN ADD
A LITTLE MORE MUSCLE
TO MY NITRO WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS.
OH, NO, 3,800?!
OH, YEAH, AND I'M
NOT DONE YET
CUZ I'M ALSO EQUIPPING
HIM WITH JUNK BARRAGE!
AND SINCE I ACTIVATED
A SPELL CARD THIS TURN,
NITRO WARRIOR GAINS
1,000 ATTACK POINTS
FOR THIS ROUND'S ATTACK!
RARH!
WHICH MEANS YOU THREE ARE
IN SOME SERIOUS TROUBLE.
[SCARED REACT]
GO, NITRO WARRIOR!
ATTACK WITH DYNAMITE
CRUNCH!
OH!
HUH?
UH! HOW?!
ITS SIMPLE, SEE
WHEN NITRO WARRIOR
DESTROYS A MONSTER,
HE CAN THEN SWITCH
ANOTHER MONSTER
INTO ATTACK MODE
AND THEN STRIKE AGAIN.
THEN, SINCE AN EQUIPPED
MONSTER DESTROYED A
MONSTER IN BATTLE,
ARMORY ARM'S ABILITY
DEALS DAMAGE
EQUAL TO FUSE RAY
BLASTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
BUT THERE'S MORE.
SINCE JUNK BARRAGE
IS IN PLAY,
HALF OF YOUR RAY
BLASTER'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE DEALT,
ERASING THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
NOW TO DEAL WITH YOU.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
SYNCHRO OVERLIMIT!
WITH THIS, SINCE
MY SYNCHRO MONSTER
SUCCESSFULLY DESTROYED
A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
HE'S ALLOWED TO BATTLE
AGAIN THIS TURN!
WHAT?! NO WAY!
GO DYNAMITE CRUNCH!
AND NOW THE EFFECTS
OF ARMORY ARM AND
JUNK BARRAGE ACTIVATE!
AAH!
OOF!
[MOANING]
HE JUST BEAT
THREE OF MY MEN.
AND ALL IN JUST
ONE SINGLE TURN!
THIS GUY IS REALLY SOMETHING!
HA HA!
I LIKE HOW YA DUEL STRANGER.
THINK YOU CAN DO THAT AGAIN
AGAINST KALIN?
I WAS HOPING THAT
YOU'D ASK THAT
CAUSE' I'M YOU'RE MAN.